everybody welcoming online please my
name as a after birth plus we don't talk
about yesterday's daily it was going
fine we probably were on our way to a
adequate finish and then the basically
input device broke I couldn't use my
keyboard to do anything I recorded more
Isaac after I use the keyboard to
navigate to the menu to quit the run but
I was unable to move so we had to quit
the daily bummer um at least we were
like you know 85% of the way through it
today's daily looks like garbage it's a
blue baby daily it goes to mom's foot
the top score is 51,000 so that's a seam
and in the 30th score so the bounds of
the front page is 30 1947 which
indicates to me that there is indeed a
seam and maybe a reusable seam at dad
what is this restock has given us this
may be a reusable seam at that but it's
probably all due telepathy is so good
there telekinesis I should say although
it doesn't help us against these jokers
right here either way like it basically
comes down to are we going to find the
ability to get 30,000 points 30,000
points probably in this case indicates
winning on shoul winning on the
cathedral is probably the most likely
outcome okay I mean I appreciate
telekinesis more than you could ever
know think it's like a at least the top
10 space bar item specifically but we're
going to need to fight some enemies that
actually shoot bullets otherwise it's
just like you know talk to the hand
because the face don't want to listen
anymore you might say
ANL I wasn't alive in the year 2000 do
people really say talk to the hand oh
dude we said it all that's all we said
basically you know we'd be like welcome
to Burger King talk to the hand it was
it was out of control honestly we were
becoming quite a smarmy and sassy
culture nowadays we just go through the
interaction with the person and then
afterwards we tweet about it and go yo
that Burger King cashier was sketchy AF
and then you laughing till crying emoji
and it's it's it's better this way it's
better this way okay blow this get out
of here game plan very very simple on
this run stack up as many spirit arts as
possible only traded to deals with the
devil that are worth our time and
blaming to be honestly worth our
hard-earned HP as well because of blue
baby it can be a little hard to come by
50 to 30 thousand points and I mean one
person is fifty thousand so that I'm not
even treating that as like a realistic
outcome for us
I hate sometimes you go like well you
know literally the person in the world
who performed in the 100 thousand
percentile did this so I'm not really
setting my sights on that and then
people go they should follow your dreams
I'm following my dreams right now I just
I understand very Hinson and the fact
that they probably put it in a lot more
practice than I have as well but the
odds of me having even the chance to
compete up there are fairly low you know
if you go to like a high school track
meet or something like that and you're
like well you know David typically runs
a under 11 second 100-meter dash in
ninth grade and I'm more of a 13 second
guy so I'm shooting for just a bronze
medal and then your mom goes honey you
know you could do anything you put your
mind to mom David's trained his tendons
to provide so much more explosive force
off the starting line you know how many
times David's run 100-meter dash is like
you know 150,000 I'm aiming for bronze
mom and that's okay because David's
gonna flunk out of his Division one
college sprinting program I'm going to
get a sensible career as a chartered
accountant a price waterhouse it's all
going to work out in the end okay I hate
that we have no bombs left here I also
hate that I yelled because oh there we
go we actually got to use telepathy
productively there because I don't have
the compressor set up in OBS data so if
you get more optimized settings there
please shoot at me so that I can use the
bullets against you that's a spider
that's not a bullet
come on come on I just get dusted okay
you you failed me for the last time to
be honest we get HP which is just a
spirit art so sadly we're on to the next
floor doing like basically nothing at
all I don't even want to talk about the
fact that we're four minutes into this
episode you just saw the framerate dip I
do not get sky messages every four
minutes I can Skype messages once every
eight hours they just always happen on
the first side together so I swear like
it's one of those conspiracy theories I
don't believe but maybe there's truth to
it the little self inflating but you
know maybe they see old and ELLs playing
The Binding of Isaac after birth plus
the esteem message pops up maybe I
should check the Skype group that's got
an L in it and then no there's a message
there from 2:00 a.m. I should reply to
and here we are
anyway metronome you don't have to live
with the metronome don't have to live
with them I don't want to take the
metronome with the thing like telepathy
I should be using it more often to be
honest with you it's a great item I'm
not really I'm not like misusing I'm
just not using it as much as we should
it's not like we've taken damage as a
result of not using it properly
dude this run is like this floor is
filled with the bounty of riches if you
ignore metronome that I just cannot
willow cannot access because we're down
one bomb I'm begging you I don't really
want though I forgot we have we should
have not used a bomb to get that chest
on the last floor because that allowed
us or we have the callous I should say
which allows us to just walk over spikes
to get it and unfortunately that's
actually like kind of a big deal because
we ran out of bombs to blow up a stone
chest on the last floor and who knows
what kind of riches lived within that
stone chest I mean if it even just had
another bomb we'd be able to open some
of the stuff on this floor who would
have thought that would have such a
catastrophic impact well I mean we're
going to fight the boss
I really feel like against double
monstro we're pretty much what a shop
mated through the telepathy field either
way I mean it's just a little bit of
damage it's not going to compromise
things too much but we really want to
use their own tears against them the
sentence that makes you sound like just
a god-awful person they don't realize
you're playing a video game alright
we're about on schedule but it's a it's
a bit of a tight one here I'll admit
latchkey is basically just a better HP
upgrade we don't need the keys so much
right now but still and I mean you got
to go for a battle on and then I think
we'll see what everything else is
horrible I think is better right now
Gold goo ten ten ten ten ten ten tenten
doo doo doo Google so if we'd gone to
our shop and bought a sphere at art
first we had bombs to get spear at us
you probably would have taken Goathead
so I do think that in them not being
facetious here I think we might have
left ourselves in kind of an awkward
spot as a result of Maya as a result of
some not so smart play on the last floor
uh but we got rune bagged out of a
golden chest and now I'm like did we
just do the thing that we did two runs
ago again where I played badly and maybe
misused my key but still found myself
being rewarded for it because rune bag
when you're not rich on bombs and it
comes out of a random golden chest you
needed to use a bomb to access probably
a little bit on the unlikely side right
and now we find ourselves having that
and knowing that the eihwaz rune is like
an essential part of our you know
balanced breakfast on a daily at least
I'm like pretty pretty happy about it to
be honest with you and then I know we
should not slow down here because time
is of the essence but at the same time
you know in case you
those things are a little dicey right
now so just buy another bond because you
got restock and then many opportunities
to take advantage of that I don't think
we need spirit outs that much because
we're unlikely to get the we're unlikely
to get a deal with the devil in the near
future we got mom's flipping PO nail out
all that mom's toenail I use the bomb
and a key should have just gone for one
of the tinted rocks that's my mistake I
was thought maybe we'd get a bomb out of
the golden chest then we could use the
like a bomb and consumables then we use
the bomb to open the stone chest and
stone chest gives us you know like a
damage multiplier or something like that
but that was I got caught in the dream
world basically right there I think so
even with Whore of Babylon it's not an
exceptional run at least not yet now I
think we do you know we might have
accidentally created a situation in
which we have found the keys of the
kingdom and that's really I mean I would
love to be like that's the bottom line
that's why you don't count out your boy
but really it's just you know kind of
dumb luck in this situation I'm going to
sack the spirit heart and I'm going to
do so because if there if there is a
blank card we may want to use blank card
the gods instead of I have a can't get
that we may want to use blank card the
gods instead of just popping the gods to
get one spirit heart and a curse out it
occurs purging out of it at least curse
purge androoni ii oh we were all doing
the boot scootin boogie back then too we
were saying talk to the hand want to go
to the boot scootin boogie with me
are you Brooks and Dunn and also a steak
chef because well does know okay this
doesn't really make any sense okay we're
approaching death but is it as long as
it's a tactical death that's fine
because we have the gods to bail us out
of a bad the row at least a horrible
situation so you can probably guess at
about this time how I'm feeling about
today's daily especially you know with
the odds of
making boss rush ever-dwindling this
early on not feeling great about it
where Babylon was a a worthwhile pickup
I stand by that and we don't we want go
to have but we don't want it as much on
a daily in which you know we're blue
baby because we're not gonna be able to
take half those deals of the devil
anyway I still would have wanted it
though I want that to be I want that to
be clear in on the record I don't even
think there's like any way we can use
telepathy better to be honest with you
okay where am I
where am I that's not how you say that
expression that's okay okay I mean I
would like to do that but we're really
strapped for time here a wouldn't why
we've countless we've callous might not
look like we have Council we have
callous but almost certainly our secret
room we have no bombs as of yet which is
fine I'm just going to keep ourselves as
safe as possible hope for maybe it tears
upgrade from our item room really number
two very dangerous I guess you just you
know what check this out
I actually think that this is the right
play right now we'll probably get more
yeras but you know over the course of
this run we'll probably get more to Gaza
too but I'm more worried about survival
than like anything else right now number
two is actually a nice I mean sometimes
it slows you down but if we got no other
options I think it could speed us up in
this situation that was just terrible on
my part so take 100% responsibility for
that
so luck upgrade which is nice
don't create a bomb here that's just
going to complicate things we could be
out of here you know roughly a minute
and a half behind schedule two minutes
behind schedule it's not outside of the
realm of acceptability mega fatty super
annoying
pretty much just using number two is
like preventive medicine right now just
think is the way she goes boys I don't
even know if we can block shots that
come from overhead but I don't know we
want a deal with the devil that that
gives us some extra you know HP or
damage potential but the odds of us
being able to take it as you can
probably guess are very very low right
now good work
mega fatty went down it didn't take as
long as I might have expected wooden
spoon let's get the heck out of here we
got to go a lot faster if we're going to
make boss rush work plus we've got to
make boss rush work looks like I'm not
so worried about our about our points
I'm worried about survival like how are
we going to kill 15 waves of bosses
right now guess one way would be sack
dagger okay we got to obviously go back
and check that so number two can be like
your angle or your devil dude there's no
doubt about it
I'm hoping it's going to be our angle
I've used this item enough that you know
I know how it works but I have botched
it on some occasions I think you got to
go a little harder on this one you got a
look for something better than halo
flies even though halo flies is fine
varicose veins is not good enough for us
but it's an interesting item in its own
right shard of glass I mostly am guilty
of just not really understanding this
scapular I don't even know if it works
is blue baby I'm going to assume not but
Maggie's bow is one spirit art that's
not good enough little child leaves
almost tempting because it's a little
extra damage but it's not transformative
Libra ah man you definitely can't do
that although it's interesting it's a
tempting proposition admittedly no you
don't understand I know we're running
out of time here like I'm using so much
time on this rear old
I mean you could you could possibly
justify soymilk is
see this is a purse rail room it's a hog
allows room
good news hog allows room so obviously
in hindsight I just use telepathy there
dude obviously in hindsight we should
have gone with one of the earlier items
basically any of the earlier items would
have been would have been fine
instead we re rolled into soymilk which
is not going to be conducive for our
chances of success probably will I take
it all I need to do to justify soymilk
is get a tear effect I think and then
you know we can start to talk we can
open up the conversation about possibly
taking soymilk
though it's not going to be too high on
my list of things to do today but you
can see this daily is just like it's a
grind
now taking a little bit of damage I'm
not the happiest camper with but econo
is also completely okay we have Calais
we should just run not that that's going
to be the difference between you know
making the boss fight and not or making
boss rush you're not making boss rush I
almost think at this point we should
just write off boss rush barring like an
amazing turn of events so I don't
believe that
I mean first not that anybody feels the
way I do about you now but secondly I
don't believe that we're going to be
able to make it and it's weird because
like sometimes this happens the run is
actually on paper you're like you know
what's the problem
you've got Whore of Babylon not terrible
damage like there's there's some okay
things going on here and yet we just
find ourselves incapable of of making
quick progress like we're getting to the
point where we're one full floor behind
schedule and I'm already like not taking
advantage of every pops every popsicle
you know that's the thing I'm not taking
advantage of every popsicle some
popsicles sure but as an adult I could
eat more pasta khals
it's a great time for a pair of throw
honestly bellybutton swallows a penny we
can hold two trinkets at least but yeah
I mean like sure like we gotta but also
at the same time like rotten babies very
helpful here admittedly alright let's
head down we're a full four behind
schedule again but we're holding no room
so we can definitely take advantage of
an alien or something like that um
should we should we find the time right
we also I mean at this point it sort of
comes down to like how hungry are you
for that boss rush if you wanted to you
could probably just start going nuts you
know blow up every door that you come
across and try to use that to get there
but I think we're better off honestly
just trying to get mom and Mega to work
so I'm going to I'm initiating like
official corporate policy as of this
point boss rush via traditional means
has been abandoned as a course of action
for this run please stop you're getting
me all hot and bothered it's just not
likely it's unlikely enough that we
should I think focus on improving our
score by other means and also like
improving our performance by other means
because I sure if you've noticed but our
HP is in kind of a wonky spot right now
rotten baby didn't help at all but I
mean it helped us a lot in the damage
Department so I of the utmost thanks for
that which is an expression that makes
no sense to get the idea so now we can
actually do these rooms we can get the
you know consumables out of them it
would have been better for us to bail on
boss rush earlier but no one's gonna do
that no one's gonna be like I'm like a
minute late on the caves one who cares
about making boss rush you got a you got
to try to play the cards as they lay you
know it's on soos should make up a song
for that cuz sometimes you get blank
rune and you don't know what it is so if
you pop a blank rune and you get an F it
is on soos so you should not Fred let's
try that again
if you pop up blank groan and monster
dome
what you get if is on answers so you
should not fret see we'll remember that
now is it a good song now it's horomia's
heinous azalea ask however might get the
job done here hi guys
mostly not relevant but you know we'll
try to get something out of it little
Steven you know what I was about to say
is this is where they give you like a
great item so that you no longer feel
like the run stinks you just feel like
you're bad but now they did not give us
a great item now we're going to make up
like you know all the runes as verses in
that song probably not like right away
because that's madness um so we'll take
the black room keep moving here I think
we made a good decision to cancel boss
rush for the time being you cannot hurt
me
I don't know what I guess I'm looking
for an a woz room was the other one
there I can't remember one second kirsta
black rune and her throw both good both
good man both kids this is a rough spot
should use the de gAHS room down here
it's true it all came true oh that's not
how you do it
um Danson how you do it that's not how
you do it Shannon and not none now
that's not how you do
it's Monday afternoon you're losing the
daily soon I'm gonna take your rank and
feel like a fool
see there's like a little something
there does it need to drive it hit the
keys to my truck so we do have 15 cents
dude why not at this point
oh it's actually useless so we obviously
should have just bought the spirit heart
so we get in here we're still like the
most important thing is just that we get
an a washroom this is good because we I
mean we actually may want the ability to
fly more than telepathy it's one of
those situations where like telepathy is
great but it's possibly just a little
too finicky to work with right now so
instead we'll take a pony and then
perthro this we grabbed lunch yeah okay
I mean I need it but at the same time go
fudge yourself so we'll take our black
room back now there's like some other
stuff we can get here but not much I'm
going to do this one extra room here
cursed eyes like actually hell basically
so a little scared about that I think I
should be this run is like it's off the
rails off the planet isn't he going to
freeze himself and that coffee's gone
cold man so there is a game plan for
this floor it's two-pronged first let's
get a waz Esper throw Steven I can live
with it first is get a woz or you know
the shovel would also work and maybe
that happens with the maybe that happens
via the go ahead and I've already missed
my chance but I'm going to choose to
believe that that's not the course of
action that would have led us to the
promised land here the other thing is
get mama mega and get access to boss
rush now I'd be the first to tell you I
don't know what our chances of surviving
on boss rush are probably a little on
the light side and I ain't talking about
Luke Skywalker
ain't talking about Luke Skywalker every
once in a while just feels like a good
day to bust out the Tom Waits impression
oh my friends are married
every Tom and Dick and Harry right we
don't have to laugh with you anymore so
be scary here wait be scared here be
afraid slightly but there's nothing to
fear except fear itself and you know
deep vein thrombosis if you take a lot
of long-haul flights we're making cursed
I work I can't believe I used to like
this item I can't believe I used to like
you you make me teleport in all the
wrong ways dude can you get to the
center of the room so I can use my space
bar effect on you without dooming myself
to taking some damage well because I
okay algae's is actually like acceptable
hear me out I'm actually just going to
use it right now first off points
secondly luck upgrades thirdly buying
something from the shop fourthly maybe
getting a blood bag getting a HP upgrade
and then we get to hold another room
that's more valuable we can't take
algae's with us anyway we'd probably
rather take perthro but we need to take
a waz if we get it so at this point this
is this is four points and also for
potentially other upgrades as well if
we're taking our time and just moving on
and you'll forget about me after I've
been gone we might as well just you know
do our due diligence here hmm I mean a
little bit of damage there probably is
not going to affect us that much but
we're preferred if its head Telegraph's
that we were about to run out there
okay so roon bag is not quite taken us
to the promised land yet with restock
what with restock I'm saying there's a
chance
yes I am my lord I hate this room he's
done it we need to be extremely careful
right now one and a half spirit hearts
the eternal heart means nothing he's not
dead
he took a freaking bomb right to the
chin I still think I mean step one of
this run is just beating ass good step
one of this run is just beating mom I
don't really want about a compass but I
definitely do not want to buy the
boomerang so 26 cents guy think about
this I bought some spirit arts to keep
me alive I'll do there's a
self-sacrifice room so that's actually
how you get past this right now you
perthro
yeah we can get enough money to make
this work it would be really really nice
to actually get a teleport because I
want to get the Polaroid it's gonna
sound actually stupid and it might be
but I haven't run the numbers yet Mason
nah kidney stone you've entered in the
pile of trash items because of the speed
downgrade I don't understand why what
purpose that serves beyond you know a
joke that makes the item way less usable
it's already got a negative associated
with it but anyway if we can get the
Polaroid
we can play the blood bank and get a
bunch of money out of each permanent
Polaroid invincibility which then allows
us to buy more spirit arts than it cost
in the first place the risk is that we
might not get the spirit hearts back
like
sometimes the shop will restock
different things but so the guys is
lovely and we could get a blank card
still actually especially with Steam
sale but I think you just pop it hmm and
then you're going to you're going to be
very confused by my actions I think and
and you may well be right and I may be
the idiot
where's-where's perthro where did I
leave that perthro
I can't doubt that they keep losing the
sight of this perthro okay here we go
hey what was the item in this shop it
was kidney stone so we should just
honestly black ruin that let's go back
up there and black ruin that right off
the bat black room stone eurozone and
the bow to be rolled on black holes
Thanks tears up great absolutely decent
so what is this moron planning to do now
dude you don't even know even you know
you don't know here's the thing so I'm
going to we got another black room back
there so that plays a part in my plan as
does this perthro room we're going to
start I would rather buy this the
boomerang because I don't need the
compass the run might be almost over
instead I'd rather have another reroll
test okay so then we don't want any of
these items so we just pur throw them we
get the ladder we don't need it we will
take humbling bundle because there's a
chance that pays out dull razor doesn't
do anything for us then we're going to
go again the black room and we're going
to use the black room to suck up all the
active items we don't want the question
is should I spend money doing this and
the answer is are you kidding of course
not are we going to do it maybe we're
also looking for teleport cards because
I really do I find value here in our
oh that's horrible oh my okay that's
actually the worst
don't go Jesus because we need to play
we need to be able to play the
everything we need to play the
everything it's the way it comes down to
here I know we've got swallowed penny
and you know it seems like there
actually was a decent reason for that
now but um okay okay here's what you do
three cent spirit I let's just start
buying them baby and then start throwing
them away and you'll get a little bit
more money back in the process we can't
hurt ourselves because we have the
callus your dis run why have you
forsaken me
sinners forsaken the Gulf trinket has
made it impossible for us to proceed
unless we get a was from the boss fight
and sometimes you just gotta accept
maybe it's not your day I think that's
where we find ourselves right now my
plan was to play boss rush or not boss
rush rate but I plan was to play the
self sacrifice room and then use the
self sacrifice room to get to the lam
floor and I can't even hurt myself on
the self sacrifice room if you fly you
can still hurt yourself on the spikes
but if you have the callus oh don't be
ridiculous
they're just really really tall spikes
and there's our teleport cards mmm
okay so I don't know what do you do here
I mean you just it's pretty simple I
think you don't teleport against mom and
then you use the Stars card after and
like maybe there's a way out of this
situation that you have as of yet not
considered
of course you and I both know that's not
possible one way or the other I'm
actually pretty happy with today's daily
because it's just so it's so off kilter
it's like a David Lynch products and I
can't be mad at it because the the seam
was actually readily apparent and
hilariously compromised how could you be
mad like can you just give me the shovel
maybe you can still give me an a woz
rune in here you know just just take me
away Satan I'm ready
blow all this up sure yeah there it is
okay
who the hangman that's a good one all
right star Scott was this one rules car
the walls were hardened over time as you
test in it's okay okay here's what you
do
your stars card out and you come back
here and you just you're go oh that's
still fine but not good I mean our
dailies our score is gonna suck so we
might as well be okay with it sucking
and try to make it better
how do you do that well we basically
need I mean we need an a washroom I
don't know how we're gonna do that but
you can at least give it a shot here so
we're buying items preferably items that
can give us a benefit and then you know
IV bag buying items
deep pockets doesn't give us anything on
with humbling bundle we're possibly
getting like enough to buy more spirit
hearts here we definitely do not want
like like to plays gives us how much
money I mean can give us like 10 cents
on some occasions so and let's just
stack up for now
I don't know placebo could do something
for us we're also like if possible I
guess creating runes would be nice but
this is strange but not necessarily like
inherently terrible I think it's just
very weird ok chaos might have been what
we needed and then we can create a
shovel out of the ether here or like a
d100 or something like that and then
reroll our runs so we no longer have
chaos although I think chaos will still
stick around we just really do not want
to lose the spirits that are available
so again the run is so strange because
we've created a run that is actually
terrible except we're invincible and we
can buy every item that's ever existed
notice that we just cannot take a little
baggie so that's we need wealthy we
could if we have to but we'd prefer not
to maybe a better way to phrase that
again I think you just you might as well
stack up on spirit hearts on occasion so
double razor now enters the equation um
I don't know maybe there's a way to just
use this as an opportunity to maximize
our available points but I'll tell you
one thing we probably do not need to
belabor every single item decision that
we're making this on me right now do we
still have a black room no I wish we had
a black room because we could have used
this like at least gotten rid of all the
space bar items we don't want so they're
not clogging up the screen I know we got
number two as well but
[Music]
so again in case you're just joining us
on today's daily I am buying infinite
items until we get the shovel
you know what smelt some more trinkets
dude why not you paid for it you know
what we should actually diplopia all the
money on the ground when we get a chance
the problem is it's actually going to
double all the item consumed or all the
all the items we come across as well so
it's going to become like pretty
unwieldy in this room after a certain
point we're making at least one cent per
spear at our purchase oftentimes they're
making like five cents or more the Steam
sale definitely helped enable this to
happen obviously I see magic mush in
there we could also do this to get $2.99
bombs I'm assuming nothing sounds more
like a waking nightmare to me but mom's
coin purse is take about so I like kind
of at the point where I'm like let's
stop pussyfooting around here let's grab
a bunch of money all at once and then
just start spending
we really like do not care what we get
we're just getting it sure yeah okay a
bad trip pill what do I care now I don't
want to buy these pills these pills
they're not relevant to me not relevant
to my interests we're going to get
conjoined soon we've gotten some very
good items that would never disagree
with you on that one
we have gained a hundred points over our
over our endeavor here as well all right
so I mean obviously we're living in a
nightmare every time I choose the IV bag
is going to summon a bunch of bunch of
bombs we're immune to the bombs at least
on the first play I figured we might as
well come out and use them on like a
bigger room
stop I can't believe that this is what
this daily has become I've become not
that which I hated but that which I
never thought I'd get you know black
sorry blank rune is actually taken
before us here but it's not take about
yet we got to wait a little longer
might be sponge you know eventually
we're going to start to pick up like
every possible transformation in human
existence here I know what you're saying
and now you're going to murder yourself
I'm not going to murder myself and we've
I don't know if we've reached peak
silliness or peak boredom in daily form
but I'm sure many people in this in the
comments will see fit to give me an
answer
lockout do it thank you pom pom pom pom
pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
I'm also again wait not d100 waiting on
addy for one day this population is
going to rule our generation wait one
day our generation is going to rule this
population until then I just keep on
waiting waiting waiting on the world to
change I'm almost at the verge of like
taking a bad trip pill so that
I just don't have to see it anymore okay
let's get down here look of shadows
Bobby Baba Godhead there we go boom I
say there we go is if like getting that
actually matters hey nobody the bum
friend pick up was very annoying but he
is creating infinite consumables for me
so the danger is that we need the money
but we thought we got it our margins are
large enough that we cannot make this
happen so again we gain like 400 points
as a result of doing this cost ourselves
a lot of our precious life force on
planet Earth but that's fun we're one
away from guppy it's not really like
what I signed up so our HP yeah okay so
that's dicey if you think about a second
secret room down here I just want some
HP which means I basically want some
money
that's exactly how that went down
all you took it you jerk are we going to
spend the rest of our lives doing this I
don't know do it I was thinking about it
I'm kind of stubborn sometimes I'm just
asking you a very simple question
where's my shovel
what do we run very far away from bum
friends then we go pick up our our
hard-earned profits here eventually we
got to hit like the swag bonus or
whatever is called alright let's get the
heck out of here it's my money and
wanted now
you know our damage and rate of fire
actually very good now he did get a
little relaxed in there that's mine the
irony is we just need to find some way
to like divest our earlier smelted
trinkets packs Guppies Edward guppy
Wooden Nickel doesn't matter screw it's
quite good Gatti's collar for super
guppy mom's perfume better tier delay
alright where's the IV bag there it is
it just keeps getting better at this
point I've committed so much of my life
to this run I simply cannot leave if I
do it feels like a mark of great
personal shame
okay we're stacked on money I don't know
how long we're going to want to do this
for though caffeine pills speed up
champion belt I like it taro cloth
sure explosive Oh scatter bombs we are
possibly in my Omega will open up boss
rush for us that's so stupid and yet
hilarious
is there another teleport card because
if there's another teleport card we can
actually go do boss rush 40 minutes into
this run I hate it and it's awesome okay
so pop that and then we'll just leave
that on we'll leave that on the possible
pile for now so how you guys doing today
oh good me too thanks for asking yeah I
just thought you know pop in for a nice
daily do a real quick one before the NL
SSO literally goes to mom's heart you
know that kind of things but at the same
time all the time then you know maybe
order some lunch in between these runs
no worries get ready to nice early
docket plans today well I mean at some
point you just got to say I'm an idiot
for that one okay you kind of just
you're doing you're doing fine before
just keep moving
decently fast so bum Freddie bum friends
can't get a bead on you
admittedly the scatter bombs did not
help I don't know actually if mama mega
will pop because we've already been on
some of the rooms we've been on every
single room that bum friend could
possibly work on
okay so we got sixty-seven cents that's
a decent amount of might we might as
well buy this or take the are you a
wizard kill so I see succubus down there
let's pick up another like seven items
sake bus forget-me-now missing page to
play and see the Bible is book learned
maybe no sad bombs lovely item a mystery
set I mean I think I think we just
forget me now I think we find I mean
this isn't really a way out but it's
kind of a lateral move for us but we
should I mean before we forget me now if
we're already committed to this being
the dumbest run in Earth's history we
might as well roll it like all the way
to the end right so I mean now it's
actually just like implausible to pick
up anything because the screen is just
covered like I think we actually have to
use forget-me-now
like I actually I've rendered the daily
unplayable if we end up finding a seam
after this point by the way this just
like instantly becomes the silliest run
we've ever done
hello Tomo
I know it's madness isn't it okay just
sure gulps um more trinkets dude who
cares it's never gotten you into trouble
before right bah-bah boy mr. boom fat
bombs ceremonial robes nice HP little
baggy is horrible and now we lose the
ability to have runes so in a cruel
twist of fate essentially I have to keep
doing this until and I wish this weren't
the case I have to keep doing this until
we get starter dick because there is no
God or if there is he hates me or she
she could hate me too
because now that we've got a little
baggie all of our all of our items are
going to be all of our space bar items
are going to be sigh all of our
consumables are going to be pills
instead of instead of not being pills
something's wrong I don't know oh let me
out I don't want to buy more spirit
hearts I'm ready I'm ready for this too
too impressed it
I mean if we if we take the
forget-me-now no we won't be able to get
by infinity items a snack for language
we should basically be at the point
where we're I mean my brain is scrambled
for this run to be honest you but we
should be at the point where we can't
lose however I also like all of this is
in vain in my head if we don't have the
ability to do anything with it you know
if we don't have the ability to get that
get that a water and really the a walls
room is actually the only way we can get
out at this point barring the shovel so
okay wedge ourselves down here more HP
HP gimpy the last item shade alright I
think I'm going to leave but I'm also
going to try to do boss rush just
because it's ridiculous now for all of
the literally we spent about 20 minutes
doing this for all of our troubles we
didn't lose any points okay so we can't
do that and that's fine we out boys
we need an a laws room it's as simple as
that
certainly as compared to the last run
we're a lot stronger now that we're down
here we're gonna chain Stu like use any
of our upgrades so we haven't shot an
enemy since this madness began
out of all that I also cannot believe
that we don't have PhD but things our
life is much better if we never allow
any of our bombs to spawn although I'll
be the first to tell you any enemy is
going to get pooped on by our bombs
of course any damsel is in distress be
out of that dress when she meets you in
West of course so we all aware of that
so I did I did doom us by taking us down
to this floor
I have doomed us in the sense that we
really have no way out of the situation
we're in right now we do have restock
you know we get lucky and find a shovel
we get a deal with the devil and as the
shovel in it but apart from that like we
have no we have no chance to get the
eihwaz room which is I don't wanna you
know say that it's not my fault but we
got two items that were a little baggy
so I kind of felt like we were hemmed in
a little bit there um and we probably
are not going to get mama mega because
we've already gotten it Pandora's box
does nothing for us here but maybe maybe
just maybe we can make something happen
there me Satanic Bible is it exists but
it's like irrelevant so like even these
cannot give us yeah they only give us
pills they can't give us rooms so the
little bag you pick up might have done
us in here let's see what happens
no boss rush no way out
Pandora's box for unbelievable amounts
of money and there's no way out of this
room now unless that Stella pills which
it isn't so I should have let him take
the money what do you got for me gulp
we'll take some more trinkets in and
we're out well okay we freed ourselves
from the poison of this daily we ranked
fine which is hilarious but dude ooh
thanks for watching I hope you guys
enjoyed the episode if you did click the
like button outside a great deal of
course described you wants one feature
but for now thanks for watching and I
will see you next time